Fix ticdc canal-json related doc (#5774)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

> **Note:**
>
> * This feature is introduced in TiCDC 4.0.2.

> > * TiCDC currently supports outputting data changes in the Canal format only to mq sink like Kafka, Pulsar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * TiCDC currently supports outputting data changes in the Canal format only to MQ sinks such as Kafka and Pulsar.
```

Author: Good suggestion, i will follow your advice
